Tetris DS = In Stores!
Published on March 22, 2006.
Whoa, Tetris DS is out!
How’d I miss that one!?
I should really get it, considering it got like, super awesome scores from everyone in the world.
Unlike Tetris Worlds.
This one has a bunch of new modes, and apparently they’re good.
I’m up for some Tetris action, so I think I’ll be getting this game shortly (and playing it longly (ha!)).
In other news, nested parentheses are kind of bad in writing (but okay in scheme (and ML)).
I need a good “staple” game for my Nintendo DS that just stays in the system forever while I keep playing it.
Tetris always hung out in my original Game Boy, so it seems like a good idea for Tetris DS to hang out in my DS.
Although I wish they’d treat it like a retro version and sell it for $20 or something.
That would be awesome.